Add in "External references" readme section the reference of pyeudiw doc (#104)
italia/Satosa-Saml2Spid: README-Setup.md

|**$SATOSA_SAML2_REQUESTED_ATTRIBUTES**|SAML2 required attributes|name, surname|
|**$SATOSA_SPID_REQUESTED_ATTRIBUTES**|SPID required attributes|spidCode, name, familyName, fiscalNumber, email|

> ### PYEUDIW
> 
> it is a component designed to implement the EUDI Wallet that aims to create a single secure digital identity and carrying out Relying Party functionalities.
> Pyeudiw is based on the OpenID4VP authentication protocol that allows users to access their digital wallets using a federated identity.
> For more information about EUDI Wallet please visit:
> * the "Italian implementation profile" [page](https://italia.github.io/eudi-wallet-it-docs/versione-corrente/en/)
> * the Relying Party authentication documentation [eudi-wallet-it-python](https://github.com/italia/eudi-wallet-it-python)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### EUDI Wallet 

Satosa-Saml2Spid uses the EUDI Wallet backend based on [eudi-wallet-it-python](https://github.com/italia/eudi-wallet-it-python) also known as pyeudiw.

pyeudiw is based on OpenID4VP and specifically implements an EUDI Wallet Relying Party to provide a Wallet Authentication mechanims within SATOSA.

For more information about EUDI Wallet please visit the "Italian implementation profile" [page](https://italia.github.io/eudi-wallet-it-docs/versione-corrente/en/).
```

please move this in https://github.com/italia/Satosa-Saml2Spid/blob/eudi/README-Setup.md, where all the components are listed (eg: OIDC)

Author: The changes are already in the README-setup.md file.

I have now made the corrections as from your indications, please refer to commit:
https://github.com/italia/Satosa-Saml2Spid/pull/104/commits/35bce3de32936895e60eb7d9f518362f8767c22d
